oh my goodness I have so much good stuff
to share with you like you're I think
you're gonna be shocked because this is
a very very interesting group of
products I have to share with you and
you're gonna be so surprised of what's
at the bottom and what's all the way at
the top hello my friends welcome to my
monthly favorites countdown video if
you've never been with me for a
countdown before the way that it works
is we start with the worst products I
tried this month all the way up to the
best products that I tried this month
products aren't necessarily brand new
but a lot of times they are so let's go
ahead and get started with the worst
product that I tried this month oh it's
bad it's really bad so the worst product
that I tried this month is the Oprah lip
exfoliator I don't know I don't know
what offers thinking on this one this is
a lip exfoliator but it is completely
and totally smooth and shiny I don't
know it's like a lip gloss like how is
this an exfoliator like I don't even
know you know over does a lot of things
really really well they do the liquid
lipsticks beautifully they do the
highlighters really really well the face
primer is nice but it's called a
silicone face primer but silicones the
last ingredient I don't really get that
and this is another thing I don't really
get it's called a lip exfoliator yet
there's no grit there's no grain in it
there's nothing that makes me feel like
my lips are being exfoliated at all I
mean it's a completely smooth glossy
formula I don't get it I don't I don't
understand this so yeah so this is
number 10 for me this month just know
now these are just products that just
kind of let me down this is the
hourglass light correcting a primer
I got it in three different colors
because I was oh it's a new product I'm
so excited I got it for MC point soup
we're excited about it like yes
hourglass on MC sweet as far as keeping
my makeup on longer giving a nice base
there okay but I wouldn't say that there
are any better than the typical face
primer that I use there's nothing
special about
and I think that's why nobody's talking
about them is because they're extremely
ordinary I have luminous light dim light
and mood light
I feel like moonlight is the one that
gives the most luminosity but I mean
there I don't know I mean I guess they
have very slight differences and how
much luminosity they give you under your
foundation but it's not enough to invest
in more than one if you want to try one
and you want luminosity go with mood
light if you want one that's a little
less luminous go with dim light I mean
it's kind of obvious by the names but I
mean it's just they're very ordinary and
for the price tag they're totally not
worth it
number eight is a product that I did a
full review on I'm actually quite proud
of this review with dupes it's the Pat
McGrath lip kits I got two of the lip
kits this is the one in nude this is the
one that I liked better if you are going
to invest in one I think the nude one is
the way to go I did not get the berry
toned one I did get venom as well that's
the red one
I feel like though the red from those
lip products bleed out
they're very messy and overall I just
feel like their mediocre products I
don't think even though I think the
glitter is beautiful for something like
Instagram it's not practical in that
you're gonna end up eating some glitter
and that's just not good it's is not a
good idea so if you want to see the
dupes for these definitely head over to
that video I will link it down below
watch this video first and then go over
head over to that one and you'll be able
to see like the dupes for it and I just
price tag is way too high the biggest
win of this is the gold pigment but I've
got some suggestions from people in the
community for gold pigments that are
pretty much exactly the same I will link
those down below if I can find them I
will look for them and try to find them
for you
but yeah definitely a no on these
especially because of the price tag
number seven the nikkietutorials power
of makeup palette this is another thing
that I did a full review on what I want
you to understand about this is that it
swatches horribly and you've probably
seen that in a lot of videos but it does
apply to the eyes better than it
swatches even brush swatches I feel like
it applies better to the eyes perfect
example of these are
three right here apply horribly with
swatches
but with on the eye they perform much
better these three especially these two
have a lot of glitter fallout I do
really enjoy the mattes IV is probably
the powdery Asst but I mean it's just I
feel like for the price tag for a
two-phase I really want it to be easy to
work with and I don't find this to be
especially easy it is for more dramatic
looks like I say in the review video
it's for things that are a little people
that want something like a
transformative kind of look it's not for
your everyday kind of going to work
going to school unless you want that
transformative look if you're just going
for neutrals this palette isn't going to
be something you're gonna want to get I
do really enjoy the blushes a lot the
bronzer is fine it's a nice bronzer the
chocolate Soleil bronzer and I
personally really like the champagne
truffle I've seen a lot of people say
they don't like the champagne truffle I
personally like it I like the way it
looks on the cheeks I don't find that it
lasts a terribly long time but it is a
nice highlight at least for me so if you
want to see the full review of this that
will be linked down below as well but
it's not it's not everything I wanted it
to be and especially for the two-faced
name I have extremely high standards for
the two-faced names there you go
number six is something I discovered in
my Ulta brand review this is the Ulta
okay let me just say I love this formula
it keeps my brows in place without my
brows feeling crunchy I'm wearing it
today really really liked it my big
critique of this is that it's got this
clear tube so you can see it starting to
get a little bit foggy inside because I
put my brow product on and then I use
the brow gel and I stick it back in and
it's starting to get product inside and
it's starting to look really really
nasty and it just grosses me out it's
just nasty looking so I wish that it was
a different color you know something
that I couldn't see through maybe even
like a frosty kind of color instead of
clear because it's just creeping me out
but the product is excellent the product
is really really good it's just the
packaging I don't think
next up the elf highlighter palette this
was new to me I finally broke down and
got it
like this highlighter palette a lot it's
it's a nice nice highlighter palette I
especially love these two shades this
one also is very good I find this one to
be a little bit too deep for my skin
tone I've also used these as eyeshadows
they're beautiful eyeshadows beautiful
highlights beautiful for the inner
corner beautiful for the brow bone I'm a
huge fan of these elf palettes you guys
know if you see my videos for a while
how much I love that elf contour palette
it was in my ride-or-die tag it's
amazing this isn't I don't like it quite
as much as the contour palette but I
like it a lot it's inching up there I
wish lasting power was just a little bit
better but the quality of these are so
good as far as the way that it applies
to the skin and doesn't make you look
like you're so super shiny I would
imagine people with textured skin would
really like this palette because it's
not overly highlight II it's just a
really really nice palette I like it a
lot
I don't normally do non makeup products
in my favorites but I had to mention
this to you this is the tree hot bear
moisturizing shave gel I think I got
this in a glossy box if I remember right
oh my gosh this stuff is so amazing it
is the best shaving product I have ever
used in my entire life it is so good it
goes on almost like an oil and set its
called a shave whale but then it's got a
little bit of lather to it and that's
the only thing I don't like about it is
that it says that you can either wipe it
off or wash it off I wish that it was
more of an oil that I could just wipe
off and not have to feel like I need to
rinse it because of that lather I really
do feel like I need to wash it off so
that I don't have any irritation to my
skin it just kind of freaks me out a
little bit but man do I get a nice shave
with this this feels it feels good it's
got a nice like beachy coconutty kind of
scent if you don't like coconut II sense
you probably won't like this but you're
putting it on your legs so I know how
much it's gonna bother you since not
close to your face but it's just a
really nice shading product I have will
definitely be purchasing another one of
these after I run out it's just really
love this number three is new to me but
it also is not a brand new product been
really enjoying this a lot comes with
all of these beautiful shades they are
so incredibly pigmented and fun to use
if you like a matte neutral eye look
especially
if you have a deeper skin tone this is
gorgeous or if you just like darker
shades on your eyes you will absolutely
love this I think it is definitely worth
the price you get a huge amount of
product the only but the only thing is
is it's worth the price if this is going
to be a go-to product that you use all
the time because you do only get one two
three you only get four shades so if
you're going to use it all the time I
think it's definitely worth it I do feel
like it's kind of pricey and you may
already have shades like this in your
collection especially if you have the
Anastasio Modern Renaissance palette
palettes like that you may be kind of
over done with the warm rusty kinds of
shades but if you don't have someone
like that and you have you love matte
eyes definitely recommend this my only
critique of this is it does take a
little bit of work to blend out because
it is so incredibly pigmented that you
really need a more stiff a blending
brush in order to get it to move around
your eyes so just be aware of that but
overall fantastic product lasting power
is amazing both with and without a
primer primer goes on super smooth not
patchy at all just amazing product here
the last two I'm so excited about so
number two is the ultimate exposure my
gosh I'm I've been loving this product I
have been loving this so much I cannot
believe how inexpensive it is I love the
shape of it I love the bouncing of this
side I love being able to detail a
little bit with this side I do wish that
it was a little bit pointy or on the top
but the texture of it the way that it
feels it's so soft
it applies foundation so well just kind
of balancing it on to the skin it gives
such a beautiful finish and for such an
inexpensive product I mean this is
cheaper than the Real Techniques one I
definitely like it better than the Real
Techniques one it rivals my Beauty
Blender like I feel like this is just as
good as the Beauty Blender I'm not gonna
go as far to say it is better but it's
just as good when I squeeze them both
next to each other they feel exactly the
same where the Real Techniques is a
little more dense this is softer and
it's amazing it's all good definitely
recommend picking this up and then the
very last number one total shocker never
saw this come
the LA girl shimmering loose eyeshadow
with brush I am like getting chills
right now because I'm so excited because
these were only a dollar and they are
definitely deserving of being number one
on this list they are so incredibly
pigmented insanely pigmented I wore this
one two generation beauty and Tati was
let Jen what is on your eyes so she said
she's gonna pick some up I don't know if
she actually will or not but she said
she was gonna go got some and I would
definitely recommend these to anybody go
to the Dollar Tree or your dollar store
if you ever see LA Colors this product
is stinking amazing if you look at the
ingredients of this it actually compares
quite a bit to the violet vos holy grail
palette or also the morphe 35o as far as
the ingredient it's not the same but
it's similar in ingredients and I think
that's pretty amazing for a dollar like
what all right ladies and gentlemen
that's it for Mike Allen town this month
I hope you enjoyed this video if you did
definitely make sure you share it with a
friend that you think will also enjoy
this video give the video a thumbs up
and subscribe for more videos thanks
again for watching mad love and I'll see
you soon